Doctor, how is my child?
Miss Huamei
Mental and physical stimulation
It is very likely that there will be a flower fetus at any time
Be sure not to let him move around
Take good care of the tire
To avoid accidents
Oh, I see.
You go down and get the medicine first, okay?
Thrush
Oops thrush
Let me explain.
It was all Qiu Cui, that bitch, who gave me the lingering fragrance
That's what I do
Don't be angry, okay?
I already kicked that bitch out of the lonely house.
Gu Beichen, how long have I been pregnant?
You can't stand being lonely
I also found such a lowly servant
I'm so disappointed.
It's all my fault
My fault.
Just forgive me this time, okay?
How did your sister hear that you collided?
You bitch
You deliberately asked Qiu Cui to seduce Beichen
Right, sister, don't get excited
Be careful with fetal gas
But here it comes again.
The maid in my sister's room crawled into my husband's bed
I should hold my sister accountable
You did?
Stop arguing
The conversation needs a good rest
today
Tell me what's the matter with you two
The succession ceremony is approaching.
Should you go and visit the four major families?
Oh, right.
I asked some wives to go shopping this afternoon
By the way, I will help you inquire.
The meaning of the city lord is still considered by Jingyun, right?
Hua Mei, you have a good rest at home recently
I'll be back with you when I'm done today.
Good sister
I just heard it
The doctor told you not to move around
What about the grand ceremony in a few days?
Don't participate
I will be here on behalf of Mrs. Gu
Beichen, let's go